minister
lead
Oh, dear.
at night
Your sister-in-law is the fourth
The most lively personality
It was okay as a kid
The bigger, the less formal.
At the age of 12
Did you set the fire in Qi Fei's yard?
Fortunately, it was a holiday that day
No one big or small is there
Only my second prince is there
Zhou was so scared that he returned to his mother's southern border
Never dared to come back
Father Emperor
original
I know.
Ha ha.
I don't know anything
You really take me for a fool
Father Emperor
Is this to blame?
Blame you
During that time
Jai Zhou and your eldest brother, third brother
I can't take advantage of a day to live a stable life
In the Imperial House
dare to fight
dare to die
Besides, you didn't cause any disaster
I know
You have the best relationship with Ye Xuan
How about that?
I know you had a hard time as a child
Except for a lot of grievances
Only when it is good can Ye Xuan be there
I didn't let you learn bad
Later?
You still have to accept your temper
Help your third brother well
Children take orders
It's all gone
Also declared
I have something to say to him alone
The emperor's old slaves will not leave
The old slave will take care of you
Oops, step back, step back